Types of variables:
    There are three types of variables. local, instance and static.
local variables:
    local variables are the variables which are created.declared inside a
    block of code. like if else conditions,loop, switch statements, methods are
    block of code.
Upside:
    They occupy the memory for shortest period of time. As soon as java is done
    executing that block of code they are removed from the memory.
    The code that we write using local variables is very easy to debug.

downside:
    They can only be accessed within the block of code they are created.

Instance variables:
    Instance variables are the variables which are created outside of the
    blocks( if else,switch,loops or methods etc.)of
    code but inside a class.
Upside:
    They can be accessed any where within the that class.
Downside:
    They are created when an object of the class is created and they will stay in
    the memory as long as that object is in the memory weather you use the or not.
Local vs instance:
    Whenever it is possible go and create local variables. only go with instance
    variables when you can't solve a problem with local variables.

static variables:
    Static variables are created inside a class but outside of a block of code with
    a static keyword.
UpSide:
    They are universal when it comes to scope and accessibility. We don't
    even need to create the object of that class in which they are created
    we can simply write the name of the class and we can access it.

Downside:
    Static variables occupy the memory for longest of all.
    They are created even though you don't create any object of that
    class.

Uses of types of local variables:
    Local:
        When ever we are solving any problem many times we need local variables
        to temporally store data. In all of those cases you should be going with local
        variables.



Note:
    we will do a little bit of StringBuilder
    we will discuss Thread safety StringBuilder vs StringBuffer
    one example for methods as well
    Project 1
    show example of objects and methods using selenium.
    share Tic tac toe

// Break till 8:53













